I'm francisco antônio neto piauiense
living in curitiba for over 30 years
retired civil servant
now I'm having time for my hobby
what is to stay in this fantasy world of
football music
first came my passion for
football as a child my father tailor
I took half home that had not
I went not if my dad had the patchwork
lopes a good one and that was my love for
ball started there after I went to understand the
football and music and has already come there at 12
13 years
then is this collection her a synthesis
of the two things of music and in football
skin
this is a very history meeting of the
teleco to elis regina
she also participated in propagating
advertisements
advertisement advertisement teleco night illustrated
the original movie trail had
a pendency for the song the pelé
whenever you take off
Let's resist the wave with the singer.
I do not know another football player.
be so honored in music in the world
whole and the first passion was
vinyl
I started collecting and making my collection
particular of Brazilian popular music
one fine day was that this thing of
I start to start the club hymns
and then the thing was taking the course that I
I did not have control of this
this compact black river of Manaus
this one was the compact that gave the
kick in my collection was the first
with the boat that I acquired by chance
you start listening to a record and you
discovers a song that the shot is the
the more difficult it is for you to have a song
that the title does not understand does not indicate that
It's a song about football and you there.
Find who has the song she talks to
about football and that is are a number of
collaborators that this year in brazil
so the people call me and kinda look
discover this song
So with each passing day I discover
a person from another state that you like
my dads project that thing
interesting and this here me gasoline
that too dying
i
look
The Corinthians prodigy 11
this stuff I could not yet
there is correct explanation about the
production of this material
the fact is that it was only music
yes in 78 rotations that has songs
dedicated to the four major clubs
Paul in the map year our people because
for the young man to call his own season
He sang I love you and I want it here.
marine sores that the chicken of quintino
and with your compadre and fagner
jairzinho jair ventura great hurricane
of 70 have here one of the largest
world cup footballers
figueroa has the northeastern nunes here
The controversial mazon here is coadjuvant in
a participation in this disc
and here the doctor Socrates who admired
lots of country music and country music
serginho chulapa our foremost
selection of 82
the name mp and hey this disc of the girl in
field it has a lot of information
interesting and at that time the
airplanes had no flight autonomy from the
europe for rio de janeiro and são paulo
obligatorily to make a landing in
reef to complete the trip here to
Southeast because that the owner of the wall
recorder rozenblit he ordered that
if this record was not given
present for the selection delegation
Brazilian
but I do not want it to prefer not me
I will seek the actor a faction that that
If you can dedicate some kind of service
What do we in Brazil have to value?
seek to preserve and safeguard our
memory because it's the future knew
could research and know that the country
had
the canton
ae
according to a